Fantastic. We love working
with new couples,
and I'm glad you're coming here
for your first experience.
Take care.
All right.
Another newbie.
He sounded nice.
A little nervous, but we'll fix
that once they get here.
Do you ever worry that people
have a death wish,
and they just want you
to come and beat them
to death, literally?
I've had somebody, they wanted
me to cut off their balls
and cook them and eat them.
Would you enjoy that?
If I were to consume somebody,
it would have to be somebody
that I would want to be part of
my body for the rest of my life.
Yeah.
That doesn't seem worth it.
**
Karley:
I'm so tired from all the dating
I've been doing recently.
I need a vacation.
It just sucks because
every time I go away,
I don't feel like
I can be my true kinky self.
Like, recently, I got
kicked out of my hotel
for throwing
a water sports orgy.
Wait.
Am I vacationally oppressed?
**
I personally love vacations
where I can reach casual
slutty enlightenment.
It's all about choosing
the right atmosphere for me,
and I think I've come
to the right place.
**
I'm here at the Folsom
Street Fair in San Francisco,
which is undoubtedly
a kink mecca.
Every year, over 400,000
people come here
from all over the world
to celebrate their inner freak.
It is the biggest fetish
and leather fair in existence,
and I'm excited to go meet
some of my fellow perverts
to talk to them about why
this is such a major destination
for the kink community.
Where did you guys
come here from?
From Seoul, South Korea.
And London Town.
You have to travel
for a little bit of kink.
Do you think that this is
a mecca for kinky people?
It's like
a total Fellini movie.
It's a spectacle of kink,
like,
you could never find
anywhere else.
-Have I been bad?
-You are a bad girl.
You want to go to someplace
where you feel normal
when you're abnormal.
I self-identify as just about
anything you can imagine.
-Tall.
-Tall, you want to go with tall.
Do you find it difficult to be
your true puppy self
while traveling
and on vacation?
Uh-uh.
Do you feel like you can,
like, be your, like,
true horse
everywhere in the world?
-I don't think so. No.
-Yeah. I agree.
This is one of the very
few places that we can actually
come out and horse
around freely.
Do you ever feel sort of,
like, marginalized
in the vanilla world?
Is that a yes?
When you get a hotel room,
we kind of try and get one
that's, like,
off to the side.
We have to make sure security
doesn't get called
because of the loud noises.
Most of the time, when
traveling, the kink stays home.
Is that sad for you?
When you guys travel, what
do you pack in your bag,
and are you ever worried about,
like, being checked by TSA?
-Knives.
-Stun guns.
I packed a little kitty tail
butt plug this time 'round.
But thanks God
they didn't check my bag.
Is it important for you
to be able to be kinky
while you travel?
I do have a pretty vanilla
life outside of this,
which is why we
like to come here,
so we can express ourselves
the way we really want to.
Do you think that Folsom
is worth traveling for?
Oh, definitely.
Learn something
about yourself.
I plan to learn a few things
today and teach a few, too.
Karley: These kinky travelers
make a good point.
What happens when all
these pervs disperse
into the vanilla world
for the night?
Where can they stay to truly
express their inner deviant?
You can probably
stand here...
-Yeah?
-...for hours.
The sound of whips cracking
led me to the founders of
Kink B&B, yes,
the Airbnb for the kink world.
Glamorous.
Karley: So I've been here
at the fair all day,
and I've been talking
to a lot of people,
and I've met so many people who
have a similar feeling to me,
where it's just like, sometimes
it's difficult to be your,
like, true freak,
like, semi-gross self
while you're traveling
and on vacation.
Do you agree?
-Oh, definitely.
That whole vanilla veneer
is a heavy thing
to carry with you
whenever you travel.
That's what our business
is about,
is to try and help people
travel with their kink.
Listen, I'm glad
you guys stopped by.
Please, come to
the office tomorrow.
We'd love to talk
more about this,
a little bit less, uh,
lovely craziness.
Ryan had some extremely
important work to get back to...
...and I had to get back
to my fellow freaks at Folsom.
Are you having fun?
Same.
**
I'm here at the Kink B&B
headquarters to learn more about
this whole rent-a-dungeon
start-up situation.
Maybe this could work
for my kink discovery journey.
What is Kink B&B exactly?
Kink B&B is a marketplace
for people to share
and rent sex-positive
accommodations.
So it's almost like
pre-consent.
You could say, like, "Do you
consent to me being naked
in your house?"
Nudist is one of the check
boxes the host can say.
Oh.
You know,
there's orgy-friendly.
There's air conditioning.
Our amenities list
is very vast.
Wait.
I love that.
So your amenities list is like,
"Air conditioner, dog ball."
Internet, sex furniture.
That's so good.
Okay.
There are some, like,
just lovely places to stay
with people that
are comfy with you,
and there are some
really sexy dungeons.
Do you think that you could
show me some of the places
you have on offer
in San Francisco?
Because I was wondering
if you think
that going on
a kind of kink vacation
and finding your ideal
kink destination
could kind of help you discover
new sexual sides of yourself.
Oh, definitely.
I mean, one of the things
that travel gives you
is that little bit
step out of the norm,
that step out of home
and safe
where it's okay
to explore.
Exactly.
Why would I rent out
an oceanside villa in Greece
when I could stay
in a random's basement
and try out second-hand
torture tools
covered in stranger cum?
I'm interested.
I'm actually well-versed
in peeing on people.
So am I.
Does the slave come
with the dungeon?
How may I address you?
Maybe Mistress Slutever.
**
Karley: So I'm trying to find
myself in San Fran,
and I'm working with a kinky
pseudo real estate agent
who specializes
in helping people
find their perfect getaway.
Some of the great spaces
we have here, one place,
the Arab American
Geisha Experience,
is a host
that's pretty much
trying to give you
a lovely tea ceremony
along with your stay.
Wow.
Hi.
-Hello.
How are you doing?
I'm Karley.
-Hi.
-Nice to meet you.
-I'm Jenna.
-Looking festive.
This is cool, and I notice
that you have a stripper pole.
That's a good addition to really
any home, like, kinky or not.
And these ones are the ones that
you can, like, move them around.
What is your place
offering?
A live playhouse,
there's a place for tea.
There's a piano.
There's an awesome couch
right here with a little TV.
There's a whole fully
stocked kitchen.
So what do I get
for booking a night here?
I perform books,
and then I would serve tea,
and it'll just be me
in different costumes
and just entertaining.
I wanted to open up my place
for free expression.
Kink B&B is a new thing,
so it doesn't have to be
just kinky, you know?
How much does it cost
to stay here?
$500 a night.
For one room?
Yeah.
For one room.
What I liked about the space
was that the host
was really nice
and welcoming,
and I thought it was nice
that she offered to serve tea.
I like tea.
What I didn't like
about the space
was that it didn't seem
really that kinky.
You know, like, I'm looking more
for a place to sort of explore
my sexuality, and that just
seemed like someone's house.
Also, I wasn't born yesterday,
so I'm not going to spend $500
to sleep in a bunk bed
in someone's living room.
So does the SF kink scene
have anything else to offer
besides a precarious
stripper pole
in a cramped living room?
Another great space
I'd like to show you
is Asian Leather Masters.
Basically they have
a regular guest room,
but they also have one of
the most cram-packed-with-gear
spaces we have
in the city.
-Hey.
-Hello.
-How are you?
-Welcome to our B&B.
Oh, thank you.
I'm Karley.
Nice to meet you.
-Karley, I'm Sir Boi.
Hey.
Nice to meet you.
-Nice to meet you.
-Karley, I'm Thomas.
Thomas, nice to meet you.
Wow.
There's a lot going on in here.
There certainly is.
Most everything happens
in the dungeon.
I want to see the dungeon.
That sounds really exciting.
Wow.
This is magical.
**
Hi.
-This is where we put good boys.
Does the slave
come with the dungeon?
Sometimes.
This is so cozy.
I really like this.
-Yeah?
Like, it's a cute little,
like, boudoir dungeon.
If I decide to rent your space,
what do I get for my money?
You get the space
and all the gear.
If you want to add on doms,
then you can add those on,
or a slave.
How much do they cost?
-$200.
-Okay.
It's also kind of sexier
than most dungeons.
Like, it feels like you want
to have sex here.
You know, like,
a lot of dungeons I've been to,
it's like, how many people have,
like, jizzed on this carpet?
This place isn't bad.
I can totally see myself
consensually beating someone
to near-death here.
How much does it cost
to stay here?
It costs $200 to rent
a room, the room,
and $100 per hour
for this room.
And if I stayed here, what do
you think I would get out of it?
Like, do you think that I would
find myself sexually?
Well, we mostly
see men here.
I really liked this place.
It's so cozy.
I love their, like,
little boudoir dungeon.
The only thing I didn't think
was perfect about this place
was that it's very
gay-male-cetric,
so it's not really ideal
for me to find myself here,
so I think I should keep looking
and try and find somewhere
that's more geared toward
female sexual exploration.
Thankfully, my next stop seemed
like it could really be the one.
I have to show you Catalyst
right here
because Catalyst is...
It's big.
Hey, nice to meet you.
How are you?
I'm Karley.
Christopher.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you too.
Come on in.
Welcome to SF Catalyst.
Enter into
our main play space.
This is enormous.
How many people do you
think could have sex
in this room at one time?
Well, our capacity
is 100 people.
What's your favorite thing
about this space?
I like that it has the right
feeling to play in.
Right. So this is just about
restraining somebody, obviously.
It's about restraint.
It's also about humiliation.
This is the only room
in the facility
where we allow piss play.
I'm actually well-versed
in peeing on people.
So am I.
I like that.
We have that in common.
So what's the price tag
for this?
For an individual, during
the daytime on a weekday,
it's as low
as $50 an hour.
What I like about the play space
is how much equipment is has,
way more than most other
dungeons that I've been in.
I also like that
it has a skylight.
What I don't like
about the space is that
it's maybe too big.
I don't think it's the perfect
option for sort of relaxing
and chilling out with, like, a
casual spanking once in a while.
Nothing seemed quite right.
I've started to get frustrated,
scaling urban mountains
and nowhere close to finding
the perfect kinky getaway.
Talk about an anticlimax,
but Ryan had one more idea.
What if I want
the total immersive
kinky vacation experience?
Like, what if I want the
"Eat, Pray, Love" of dungeons?
Mistress Couple's space
in upstate New York, La Domain,
it is a getaway
from it all.
And I'm from upstate New York,
so I'll be,
like,
going back to my roots.
Maybe you'll find
kinky roots up there.
So this is where people
get spit-roasted?
Hi.
**
Karley: I'm headed to La Domain
SMR in upstate New York.
We've been driving for 3 hours,
going deeper into the woods,
and I've just officially
left the realm of Wi-Fi.
Ugh.
How am I supposed to find myself
when I can't even drop a pin?
Hi.
-Hi.
You must be Karley.
-Yes. Nice to meet you.
-I'm Mistress Couple. Welcome.
-You look great.
Thank you.
-So do you.
Karley: This is so cool.
It's sort of, like, homey
but also terrifying.
-This is Slave 9 over here.
-Oh, cool.
Now, how do you describe
exactly what La Domain is?
La Domain is the world's
oldest BDSM
training chateau
that is still in existence,
and we also function
as a bed and dungeon
where people can come
and stay overnight
and use the dungeon
while they're here.
Would you say, if someone is
looking for a kink vacation,
that this would be the ultimate
place that they should go?
It's not that upstate New York
is a vacation destination.
It's the destination
people are looking for
is within themselves,
and they know that this is a
place where they can find that.
**
Thank you.
All right.
Let's get this set up.
-Okay.
Before I officially go full-on
"Eat, Pray, Cum,"
I want to be
a good journalist
and find out more about
how this place works.
Stand back.
That one was nice
and easy for us.
So what exactly is this for?
Usually, when the slaves
are in service here,
they're required
to be naked,
and it gets really cold up
here in the winter
on the mountaintop,
so we do
a lot of wood splitting
so that we can get out of
the dungeon for fun and exercise
and also to keep
the slaves warm.
The slaves love to do this,
and so do I,
so they usually complain
that I'm taking
their hard labor away.
It's really fun.
**
This is La Domain SMR.
What can I do for you?
Fantastic.
Do you have particular
interests,
like spanking or bondage?
Do you watch BDSM porn?
Any allergies, food allergies
that we need to know about?
Fantastic. We love working
with new couples,
and I'm glad you're coming here
for your first experience.
Take care.
All right.
Another newbie.
He sounded nice.
A little nervous, but we'll fix
that once they get here.
Is there a way
you could generalize
about the difference
in clientele,
you know, maybe 10 years ago
and then sort of post
the more popularization of BDSM?
Although this still exists,
a lot of people
who came in the original period
really thought they had issues,
thought that this was
an illness center,
were trying to find peace
with themselves about it,
and generally just
took them seeing
that other people
are just enjoying it.
Since "Fifty Shades of Grey,"
we've had this influx of couples
that are between 65
and 80 years of age...
That's cool.
...that we never had before,
and they're fabulous.
How many submissives
or slaves
do you have "working"
here at one time?
Working at the chateau,
any given week,
there's about 8
to 10 submissives or masters
and mistresses in training.
And what exactly do you
mean by training?
Slave, kneel down, please.
There are roles
in power-exchange dynamics.
One person
assumes the control,
and one person
gives up the control.
That's very nice.
So people come here to train
in those and learn those skills
so they can bring them
home to their bedroom
when they're done
with vacation.
If you are training to be
a submissive and you mess up,
like, is there some
serious punishment involved?
The punishment is that
you don't get spanked.
He's laughing.
Yeah. Exactly. He knows.
Man: Thank you, mistress.
You're welcome, slave.
**
Do you guys change
people's lives?
My life was changed
by coming here.
So what's your story? So you
came here first as a guest.
I did.
I came to one of the infamous
La Domain parties
for my first
BDSM experience ever,
and I had no exposure
to BDSM at all.
I didn't really know
anything about it.
So there was a woman
at the party
who was being whipped
in the...
Can I say...or...
Okay.
- ...is the best.
There was a woman
being whipped in the genitals,
and when she had an orgasm,
she broke down in tears,
and the dominants who had been
whipping her surrounded her
and put their arms
around her and embraced her.
It sounds
weirdly romantic.
It was really romantic,
and I think that was the moment
where I realized
this is a safe place for me
to explore my sexuality
and explore these desires,
so I jumped right in.
The next morning,
I took a shower,
and I decided not to put
my clothes back on,
and I asked to become
a house slave here,
and eventually somehow ended up
in charge of this madhouse.
That is
an epiphany moment.
Yeah.
It's not a good week
at La Domain
unless at least one person
has had an epiphany.
Hopefully that's going
to be me this week.
Master R: All right, slaves.
You can serve.
I think you have very
submissive tendencies
that are very close to
the surface in this environment.
Karley: What does that mean?
**
Karley: Now that I've learned
about the inner workings
of this torture palace,
I'm excited to experience
this mecca of kink travel
from the other side
as a guest.
Duh.
How may I address you?
Um...
What would you like
to be called?
Maybe Mistress Slutever.
Mistress Slutever, I would like
to massage your feet,
if that is okay with you.
Yes, please.
Do you like slaving here?
Yes. I enjoy it.
It's wonderful.
Can you do it a little bit
harder and slower?
Yes.
And where are you from?
I'm from a very small
mountain town
over in
central Massachusetts.
So you drive kind of far
to get here?
-Yes.
-How long?
About an hour
and a half.
So being able to come here
and be openly submissive,
has that made a huge
difference in your life?
Oh, yes.
It's like...
I don't feel like I'm in that
little small town, one person,
and I'm a weird person, or
there's something wrong with me.
There's a lot of people that
enjoy the same type of things.
I have to say, I agree
with Slave 9.
There is something bizarrely
cozy about this place.
I feel more safe here to explore
maybe a more submissive element
of my sexuality
that in the past
I haven't been
comfortable doing
because of the level
of vulnerability
that that requires, so today
I'm going to do a session
with Mistress Couple,
and I'm excited to hand
the reins over to her
and explore my sub side.
-Get comfortable.
-Okay.
Is there anything in particular
that you're hoping to experience
while we're in
the dungeon tonight?
I like the idea of feeling
really, like, I can let go
because sometimes I have a lot
of anxiety in sexual situations,
or I'm worrying about
pleasing other people,
and to be able to relax
and enjoy pleasure
and enjoy attention,
sometimes it's hard for me.
Okay.
Hold your hair up.
**
Now you'll repeat
after me.
The purpose of a slave...
...is to be as hot
as Mistress wants...
...for as long
as Mistress wants.
**
Just relax.
Keep breathing.
I'm a little scared.
You're scared?
That's good.
That means you have
some senses about you.
It's very nice to have
you here like this.
Yeah?
Would you like
to go upside-down?
Mistress, please
put me upside-down.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Now you're completely
out of control,
so you better just relax.
Whoa.
I never thought that my ideal
vacation experience
would include being hung
upside-down from a wooden cross,
but Mistress Couple
really helped me unwind.
What I learned through
my kinky travels
is that you can find
sexual enlightenment
in some of the most
surprising places,
even a stranger's basement,
because really it's not as much
about exploring a place
as it is about
exploring yourself.
Deep thoughts.
Au revoir, sluts.
**
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org